is going to solve this in a few years. This is why we just need a lot more humans with that judgment and taste to keep on complementing the AI. And doesn't this make education even more important? Because education gives us context. This is another thing I'm hearing about AI, like you won't need education because all the information is at your fingertips. You just ask chat GPT. But when you say context and taste, for me, that's years of acquiring knowledge and learning from the best and seeing how they perform versus just asking a chat. I'm going to say something that may be controversial. I don't know if I've said this publicly, but I think it's true, which is frankly, AI models are terrible for learning. I know people think AI is wonderful at getting things done. Use it all the time. Love it. But all the data that's coming out is that when, say, college students use AI, we know this. It's just a study. It's now a backup as well, so we also have numbers, but the data is very clear. Students score higher on homeworks when they use AI, yay, higher homework scores. But retention, their long-term performance is much worse because their AI do the work for them. More and more studies are coming out to back this up now that I think people think oh it turns out you know I think Wikipedia is a wonderful tool It has tons of facts Web search is a wonderful tool It has tons of facts. But it turns out that when you ask AI to do work for you, you are cognitive offloading to AI, which is great because that's how society moves forward and gets work done. But human retention is much worse. It's just so clear that LLMs, as they are most commonly used, are terrible for learning. I'm not saying there's no way to use it in a way that is good for learning. I think there are ways to use it that are good for learning. But even for myself, there's so many things I don't answer AI model over the last six months or whatever. Like, I don't know, building some project, how does this front-end, back-end component work, whatever. Give me the answer, get the job done. It was fantastic. But six months later, I don't remember the answer. when I need to redo that front-end, back-end component, I ask the AI again. So data is really clear. We should stop thinking of AI as helpful for learning. At least the vast majority of ways that the vast majority of people are using AI models today is absolutely terrible for learning. But you're building a company helping solve that, right? Because the one-to-one tutoring with AI is that where you just announced with a hundred million investment from Coursera. Yes, so I'm excited about leading a new organization